Create a very basic README (#71)
thefrontside/simulacrum: README.md

# Simulacrum

A simulation platform to supercharge acceptance testing, enable
high-fidelity application previews, and free up development teams to
make progress independently.

Modern applications have modern dependencies. Whether they run on the
server or in the browser, they rely on external services to get their
jobs done. But along with the power to focus our business logic and
distribute it across so many different points comes a fundamental
weakness: The entire experience, from development, to testing, to
continuous integration is coupled to the very in-the-moment states of
actual deployments. This becomes problematic when those deployments
are down, rate limited, under active development, or not functioning
as expected in any way.

Simulacrum removes these constraints from your process by allowing you
to simulate external dependencies with a very high degree of
reality.

## Usage

Simulacrum is based on a client server architecture. The server can hold
any number of simulations which you can create and control via the
client. The following examples use JavaScript, but under the hood it

> is just connects over HTTP and so an be used from any language.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is just connects over HTTP and so can be used from any language.
```

To create a simulation in a simulacrum server with one of its
available simulators. In this case, we'll assume that there is an
`auth0` simualtor on the server that we can use to create a simulation.

``` javascript
import { Client, createClient } from '@simulacrum/client';

let client = createClient('http://localhost:4000');
let simulation = await client.createSimulation("auth0");
// =>
// {
//   services: {
//     name: 'auth0',
//     url: 'http://localhost:4400'
//   }
// }
//
```

The resulting simulation has a list of service endpoints that you can

> use to configure whatever things need to `auth0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
use to configure whatever things needed for `auth0`.
```
